Include instructions for GCS web preview (#924)
pokeclicker/pokeclicker: README.md

npm clean-install
npm start
```

> Using [Web Preview](https://cloud.google.com/shell/docs/using-web-preview), you may preview the web app on port 3001.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the [Web Preview](https://cloud.google.com/shell/docs/using-web-preview) Button and select port `3001` from the displayed menu.
Cloud Shell opens the preview URL on its proxy service in a new browser window.
```
